(b) there is a material or persistent breach by the other party of any other term of the Contract, which is not remediable.
16.3.2 On termination other than for the default of the Contractor the Customer shall pay to the Contractor the proportion of the Contract Price payable in respect of the materials supplied and/or services performed by the Contractor up to the date of termination together with the costs of the commitments already entered into by the Contractor at the date of termination of the Contract less the amount of any payments already made to the Contractor up to the date of termination. If the amount of payments already made to the Contractor at the date of termination exceeds the sum due to the Contractor under this sub-Clause then the Contractor shall repay the balance due to the Customer. Any such payment shall be in full satisfaction of the Contractor's rights to payment, compensation or damages in respect of the termination or the breach of Contract giving rise to the right of termination.
16.3.3 On payment of the sum due under sub-Clause 16.3.2 above the Contractor shall transfer to the Customer the benefit of all work done and the property in all materials (including without limitation the Equipment) supplied by the Contractor or his sub-Contractors or sub-suppliers in the performance of the Contract up to the date of termination which benefit shall include any rights in any licensed or developed software and licensed firmware so far as the rights in the same have already accrued to the Customer under the Contract or will do so on the payment under sub-Clause 16.3.2 above.
24.3.4 If the Contract is terminated by reason of the default of the Contractor the Customer shall be entitled to the like benefits and ownership of materials as are stated in sub-Clause 16.3.3 above. The Customer shall only pay to the Contractor the proportion of the Contract Price payable in respect of the work done and /or services performed by the Contractor up to the date of termination after deduction of payments already made to the Contractor, the costs reasonably incurred by the Customer in obtaining the completion of the work to be performed under the Contract by others and any damages which may be payable by the Contractor in respect of the termination or the breach of the Contract giving rise to the right to termination. If the amount due to the Contractor is less than the amount which the Customer is entitled to deduct then the Contractor shall pay the balance to the Customer.
16.3.5 Following the termination of the Contract neither party shall have any further rights or obligations in relation to the other party other than those stated in this Clause.
16.3.6 The clauses below shall survive termination of this Agreement from any cause: Confidentiality, Publicity, Governing Law and Jurisdiction Intellectual property rights, Conditions and warranties relating to the goods supplied and/or services provided under the Contract.
16.4 The exercise of rights under this Clause shall not prejudice any existing rights or obligations of either party.

17. CONFIDENTIALITY AND DATA PROTECTION
17.1 Each party shall treat the Contract and any information it may have obtained or received in relation thereto or arising out of or in connection with the performance of the Contract or its negotiation or relating to the business or affairs of the other as private and confidential and neither party shall publish or disclose the same or any particulars thereof without the prior written consent of the other or as may be permitted under the later provision of this Clause.
17.2 The obligations expressed in sub-Clause 1 above shall not apply to any information which:
(a) is or subsequently comes into the public domain otherwise than by breach of this Clause
(b) is already in the possession of the receiving party without an accompanying obligation of confidentiality
(c) is obtained from a third party who is free to divulge the same