If, after the date of the award of the Contract, the Contractor shall have been delayed or impeded by any act or omission of the Customer, and providing the Contractor shall without delay have notified the Customer in writing of such delay or impedance, the Customer shall grant the Contractor from time to time in writing such extension of time as may be reasonable and the Completion Date shall be amended accordingly. This clause is without prejudice to the provisions of this Contract relating to acts of Force Majeure as provided in the Contract.

6. DELAYS
6.1 Delays by the Contractor
If the Contractor fails to complete the Works by the Completion Date (or such revised date as may be agreed or granted in accordance with Clauses 3 and 5) and the Customer shall have suffered a loss, the Customer shall have the right to deduct from the Contract Price 0.1% per day of delay. However the amount so deducted shall not in any case exceed the maximum percentage of 5% of the Contract Price of the Works or of such portion or portions of the Works and such deduction shall be in full satisfaction of the Contractor's liability for the said failure. The Contractor and Customer agree that such sum is a genuine pre-estimate of the Customer's loss arising from any such delay.
6.2 Delays by the Customer
All additional expenses reasonably incurred by the Contractor by reason of the Contractor being prevented from or delayed in proceeding with the Works by the Customer or some other contractor employed by the Customer or by reason of suspension of the Works by the Customer (otherwise than in consequence of some default on the part of the Contractor) shall be reimbursed to the Contractor by the Customer provided that no claim shall be made under this Clause unless the Contractor has, within 14 days after the event giving rise to the Claim, given notice to the Customer of his intention to make such a claim.



7. FACTORY TESTS
7.1 Subject to giving the Contractor reasonable notice, the Customer shall be entitled at all reasonable times during manufacture to inspect, examine and test at the Contractor's works the materials and workmanship and performance of all the Equipment and Software to be supplied under the Contract and if part of the said Equipment and Software is being manufactured elsewhere the Contractor shall obtain for the Customer permission to inspect, examine and test as if the said Equipment and Software were being manufactured at the Contractor's works. Such inspection, examination or testing shall not release the Contractor from any of his obligations under the Contract.
7.2 The Contractor shall carry out thorough Factory Tests of all the Works - Equipment or Software that is subject to be ready prior expedition and if the Customer express its will, the Customer shall be entitled to attend. 
7.3 Where the Contract provides for Factory Tests, the Contractor shall, except where otherwise specified, include in the Contract Price for such assistance, labour, materials, electricity, fuel, stores, apparatus and instruments as may be requisite and may reasonably be required to carry out the Factory Tests efficiently.
7.4 As and when the Equipment and Software have passed the Factory Tests, the Contractor shall notify the Customer in writing to that effect.
7.5 If after inspecting, examining or the testing of any Equipment and Software or any part thereof is deemed defective, or not in accordance with the Contract, the Contractor has the obligation repair the Works to the required standard otherwise the Customer may reject the said Equipment and Software or any part thereof by giving to the Contractor within 14 days of the date of such inspection, examination or testing, notice in writing of such rejection, stating therein the grounds upon which such rejection is based.